hey what's up you guys I am Tiffany
Smith and the floor is officially open
here at e3 so we are at the xbox booth
to check out and find out so much more
about all of the awesome games that
we've heard about at the conference
instead of didn't hear any longer I'm
gonna head in there and get my hands on
those games
ok so you here 30 bucks for 30 games if
you're like these are probably gonna be
super lame games uh not the case with
rare replay you're getting 30 epic games
that if you played them when you were
younger they were the m1's that you were
like sneaking around to play like
battletoads banjo kazooie perfect dark
and of course viva pinata so we saw a
little bit of the footage from cuphead
kind of got like a 1930s cartoon vibe it
looks so awesome just going through
learning a little bit right now jumping
how to defeat my foe where we going
buddy let's do it Oh at least I died
cute one of the games I am so excited
about is rise of the Tomb Raider after
playing the last game and how realistic
was every time she died I was so sad so
when we saw the new footage from this
game I was pumped avalanches ice picks
so crazy so why don't I just go into
this super ominous cave and find out a
little bit more and get the lower crust
on so as if I wasn't already excited
enough for halo 5 we found out yesterday
that you get to play as part of Master
Chief team and part of the Spartan Locke
steam who is hunting down Master Chief
how cool is that on top of that we heard
about war zones which is one of the
biggest playable areas it is all-out
warfare I cannot wait to get my hands on
it but it looks like I'm gonna have an
hour wait every day
Newport's of motorsport game comes out
even more realistic than the last one
spores of motorsport 6 is no different
now we've got night driving and weather
conditions to contend with there is even
a REO map how cool is that this car is
in the game it's the Ford GT it is
beautiful I feel like I could actually
drive that car into the game you know
it's like super realistic but they won't
let me get near it you're in for a ride
it's all Jer is moving the next term is
really tight so watch yourself alright
so with all these new games I might need
a new controller and that is where the
xbox elite wireless controller comes in
best part you guys it's completely
customizable so you can move those all
around for your best gameplay so that's
just a small taste of what's going on
here at the Xbox booth at e3 I got to
play a few things but there was a couple
things that I missed I didn't get to
check out division yet or halo 5 okay
they're pairing it with the hololens in
here and if you saw any of the holland
minecraft footage mind blown and of
course we've got rainbow six seeds and
for all of you blowing through Game of
Thrones withdraw yes that is leading
doing the voiceover for fable legends so
I'm gonna go in place the more games
because there's a lot that I missed and
that's not okay